we're talking to award-winning actress
Chloe Sevigny who's coming up a star in
Abigail 1700 to sort of sequel to The
Crucible written by Roberto Garza casa
who you worked with on big love so it is
that when he first told you about this
project no actually we'd been wrapped
for a couple years or a year and a half
maybe from Big Love or more and sent he
called me said listen Chloe you know I I
wrote this play and I have you in mind
for the lead character and and I don't
want to go so far as to say he wrote it
for me but he kind of did it's a very
interesting concept to pick up on
Abigail Williams story and after she
leaves a play apparently what we Roberta
was saying is that at the end of the
play at the crucible hit Cena production
loved it so much and he remember the
text so he went and read it and at the
end they sort of have a here's where
they are now because all the characters
in The Crucible based off of real people
and Abigail Williams it was sort of like
more or less I think she you know went
off to Boston and did that but no one
really knows and there was the germ for
for the play for Roberto Abigail now is
um she's fled Salem obviously and is
doing good works and trying to redeem
herself and kind of running from the
devil hiding from the devil who she had
made an arrangement with it's really
about this this woman's journey of her
salvation and kind of her struggle to
find out whether or not she's gonna get
it and so this guy John Brown is a sick
man who she's a sort of healer and I
arrived to her house searching for some
kind of relief this play is really
beautiful and profound and I said to him
that I feel that when people do the
crucible now they'll actually refer to
this play to get a real take on Abigail
or who she might be it's very
interesting I mean that was a very
colorful and has managed to seemingly
right speakable dialogue but also in
period I mean obviously it's in modern
languages and and so on like that but it
is written the sentences are constructed
in a way that you can believe it's a
period piece I had worked with Arthur
Miller on resurrection blues with David
at the Guthrie are the world premiere
and Arthur had intimated to me that
Abigail in some ways has never been
fulfilled in his mind by but Annie
actress of all the productions he'd seen
like there was always one element
missing and I feel and I told Chloe this
that I think she has got all the
qualities that would be needed for the
role you're kind of fitting this in
before you go to film american horror
story season two is it invigorating to
sort of do theatre and then TV and then
hopefully come back I haven't done
theatre for like over 10 years so I'm
really excited about it I you know it is
definitely reinvigorating my love for
acting and and for directors because
sometimes that can Wayne so I'm just
really excited to learn stuff and to
challenge myself and and to grow as an
actress and I think this is kind of the
best way to do that
you